However,
I have one.
This is a practice lab session.
So I'm going to create a script and what I'm going to use the exodus status.
So I'm in this location,
so I'm going to create a very simple script on it.
Okay,
So what is my script?
I'm going to,
you know,
create a fine se I did with the script exited status.
I will come to know that whether my file has been kitted or not.
So let me care.
Then you will understand what I'm doing with the school.
So what they described.
I'm trying to,
you know,
here this file that is touch on,
uh,
time on every city file.
I'm going to get this one.
See if this file has been created with this common.
Obviously the exit the status would be zero.
Now,
I'm going to use a condition here.
If this question mark,
this is to check the exit status,
right?
Is it cool to zero?
They then echo has been get it did successfully.
Else I go could not kid a fight.
So it's a very simple escaped have used.
So I'm making it executable.
And I said getting in executing it final has been killed successfully,
right?
This time it is able to clear the file.
No,
I want to check the final evidence.
You don't know You can take with this every city.
I can see that the file has been killed.
Now,
Right now what I'm gonna do here,
I'm just,
you know,
opening this file on Dhere.
I'm doing some mistake like this one are all right.
So this is I'm just,
you know,
tease the common touch Now have used C.
You see,
there's a type of mistake.
Now again,
I'm fighting this.
Come on,
let's see.
Could not find this common.
So could not create a file,
because this is her here.
And also,
you know,
let me do one thing.
Some more changes in that five.
Suppose you know,
touch on here.
I'm trying to do that.
Isn't rude location,
right?
Other than your location.
Now I'm sitting from who use it to a normal user.
Right?
So I'm going into this location 10.
What?
So my skin was this one?
No,
I'm tryingto execute this script by a normal user on.
We know that normally that doesn't have the permission to create a filing root directory.
Right?
So let's see whether what are what I'm getting.
So here the permission denied.
Enter and output also here you can see that could not get a fine.
So if you want to see if you don't want to see this you know you can do one thing you can
nullify years.
Well,
let me show you.
So this is my exit on it.
So this will whatever the other while executing this comer,
it will nullify so to,
you know,
get a sign.
Now again,
I am sitting with normal user temp on this on a visit Could not create a file.
So I believe you're getting something better now What I have don't have you.
Simple.
You know you know this direction channels That is too great a sign.
So whatever the others we have while learning the you know that Come on,
that will you nullify you want You won't see that in the ice cream you will see only the
useful output.
The useful all sport is that could not create a fine right now the same thing the same is
kept.
I'm going to explode with rule user.
The file has been getting successfully.
So there's a simple script.
I have credit.
Thank you.
So when did some for the selected?
We'll do one more practice,
one more lap station using the exit status.
So thanks for watching well to in the next week.